Human analytics web application description


Home:
    The home page contains all graphs and graph groups that are selected to be currently displayed.

Filter Graphs:
    Allows the user to filter graphs based on the type of graph or the field. Only returns graphs that are marked
    to be currently displayed.

Login:
    A page for administrators to log in must enter a valid email and password associated.

Logout:
    Logs the current user out.

Update password:
    Allows the user to change their password.
        -First, enter current password
        -Second, enter a new password

Create Admin:
    Allows only users with their admin field marked true to create and delete other administrators, for
    initial deployment this will only be Marita Whalen.



Upload Dataset:
    This page is split into 2 different parts, dataset upload and dataset modification.
    1. Upload
        For the uploading functionality of this page, the administrator is able to select an Excel spreadsheet
        to upload to the site. This spreadsheet will be automatically pre-processed and will display itself with
        the other datasets on the right half of the page. When a dataset is uploaded it is set to the current
        dataset.
    2. Modification
        All datasets available will be displayed on the right half of the page. Administrators will be able to
        delete these datasets with the delete button next to each individual dataset. Administrators will also
        be able to 'select' a dataset, this will regenerate all the non-unique graphs to be updated with the
        dataset selected. When graphs are regenerated, the title in the picture is updated with the title
        given to the graph.

Create Graphs:
    This page is where graphs are created. Graphs will be created using the currently selected dataset. To create
    a graph, you must fill out the form with:
        -Type of graph you want to create.
        -What field(s) do you want to create the graph on? The number of fields depends on the type of graph.
        -(Optional) Custom title, the graph will initially generate with custom title in the image.
        -(Optional) Checkbox(s), the number of checkboxes depends on what type of graph you are creating. All graphs
        will have one, which if checked will mark the graph as non-unique, if it is unchecked the graph will be
        marked as unique and will not be regenerated when a new dataset is uploaded.

    Once all required fields are filled out, click the submit button and the graph will be created and will show
    up on the Upload Graphs page

Upload Graphs:
    This page is where graphs can be edited, selected to be displayed, and deleted. Each graph on the page will
    have a button for each functionality.

    1. Editing Graphs
        Each graph will have a blue 'Edit' button. When this button is clicked a pop-up will be displayed with the
        graph's current title and description. You are able to edit these fields and click the update button to
        change them. If you do not wish to edit the graph, you can simply close the pop-up.

        NOTE: When you read a few descriptions you may see "<br>", this is how a new line is created in the
        descriptions. Without this "<br>" the text will all join together and look messy. If you want a new line in
        the description, you must add the "<br>" yourself.

    2. Selecting Graphs to be Displayed
        Each graph has a button beneath the title but above the picture. This button will either be a green
        'Display Graph' button or an orange 'Remove Graph From Display' button. To add a graph to the dashboard click
        the green button, to remove a graph from the display click the orange button.

    3. Deleting
        To delete a graph, simply just click the delete button.

Edit Groups:
    This page is where everything related to graph groups lives, you can add, edit, and delete groups here.

    1. Creating Groups
        At the top of the page, there is a text input box with a green create button next to it. This is where you
        will name your group, and click the button to create it.

    2. Adding Graphs to Group
        Once a group is created there will be a dropdown selection of all created graph titles, select a graph from
        here and it will be added to the group. A graph cannot exist in multiple groups, if you wish to have the
        same graph in multiple groups you will have to create a unique copy of the graph you want to add.

    3. Displaying
        Similar to the Upload Graphs page, each group will have either a green 'Display Group' or an orange 'Remove
        Graph From Display'. Click the green button to display or the orange button to remove the graph from the display.

    4. Deleting
        To delete a group just click the delete button.






